documentation in sphinx format (#1090)
openvinotoolkit/model_server: docs/starting_server.md

OpenVINO Model Server is distributed as a Docker image and is available on [DockerHub](https://hub.docker.com/r/openvino/model_server) and [RedHat Ecosystem Catalog](https://catalog.redhat.com/software/containers/intel/openvino-model-server/607833052937385fc98515de). Model server images are minimal and contain only necessary dependencies. Using Docker is recommended way of running OpenVINO Model Server.

[Learn more](docker_container.md)

## Run on bare metal and virtual hosts

OpenVINO Model Server is an open source project written in C++. Therefore it's possible to download and compile the code to obtain the binary and run it on bare metal. There are `make` targets provided to make this process simpler.

[Learn more](host.md)

## Configure deployment to fit your needs

Depending on what models OVMS serves, what are performance requirements and traffic expectations, you may want to configure some server options like:
- used ports
- enable/disable REST API
- set configuration monitoring 

... as well as best fitting configuration for each of the served models like:
- device to load the model onto
- model version policy
- inference related options

[Learn more](parameters.md)

> ## Hold your models in remote storage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Save Models in Remote Storage
```

> Leverage remote storages such as Azure Blob Storage, Google Cloud Storage or AWS S3 compatible to create more elastic model repositories, that are easy to use and manage for example in Kubernetes deployments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Leverage remote storage options including Azure Blob Storage, Google Cloud Storage or any S3-compatible storage to create more elastic model repositories that are easy to use and manage in Kubernetes, for example.
```

[Learn more](using_cloud_storage.md)

> ## Set up model versioning policies for served models

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Set Model Versioning Policies
```

> Take adventage of the model repository stucture. Add or delete version directories and model server will automatically adjust what is actually served. Have full control over served model versions by setting model version policy and serving all, only specific or always the latest version of the model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Take advantage of the model repository structure. Add or delete version directories and Model Server will automatically adjust what is being served. Take full control over served model versions by setting a model version policy and serving all, specific models or only the latest version of a model.
```

[Learn more](model_version_policy.md)

> ## Modify models configuration in runtime with no service disruptions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Modify Model Configuration at Runtime
```

> OpenVINO Model Server tracks changes in the configuration file and applies them in runtime. It means that you can change models configuration (for example serve model on different device), add new model or completely remove one that is not needed anymore. Any changes will be applied with no disruptions of service functionality (no restart required).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OpenVINO Model Server tracks changes to the configuration file and applies them during runtime. This means you can change model configurations (for example serve a model on a different device), add a new model or completely remove one that is no longer needed. Any changes will be applied with no disruptions of service functionality (no restart required).
```

[Learn more](online_config_changes.md)

> ## Keep your deployments secure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Secure Deployments
```
